content/home/experience.md, before:

+++
# Experience widget.
widget = "experience"  # See https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/page-builder/
headless = true  # This file represents a page section.
active = true  # Activate this widget? true/false
weight = 20  # Order that this section will appear.

title = "Work Experience"
subtitle = ""

# Date format for experience
#   Refer to https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/customization/#date-format
date_format = "Jan 2006"

# Experiences.
#   Add/remove as many `[[experience]]` blocks below as you like.
#   Required fields are `title`, `company`, and `date_start`.
#   Leave `date_end` empty if it's your current employer.
#   Begin/end multi-line descriptions with 3 quotes `"""`.

 [[experience]]
   title = "Intern Machine Learning Engineer"
   company = "Corti"
   company_url = "https://corti.ai/"
   location = "Copenhagen, Denmark"
   date_start = "2020-08-10"
   date_end = ""
   description = """
   Corti builds intelligent machines for augmented medicine.
   Our AI supports medical personnel on making decisions in real time during medical emergencies, combining bleeding-edge machine learning research and real-world data from emergency calls.
   I worked on the following types of projects:
   - Building and testing REST-APIs for interacting with SQL and NoSQL databases in Azure Functions.
   - Constructing and deploying Data Pipelines with Azure Data Factory
   - QA and testing of Elastic-Search database instances in AWS
   - Automating cloud deployments of Dockerized microservices
   - Develop and deploy machine-learning models for real-time NLP tasks using TensorFlow.
   - Improved data upload pipeline to pSQL databases by 98% from ~3 days to 15 minutes.
   """



[[experience]]
  title = "3+5 Ph.D. Student"
  company = "The Hatzakis Lab, University of Copenhagen"
  company_url = "http://hatzakislab.com/"
  location = "Copenhagen, Denmark"
  date_start = "2019-02-01"
  date_end = ""
  description = """
  I use a variety of statistical models (ConvNets, LSTMs, Hidden Markov Models) on diverse biological datasets to streamline current data processing pipelines and determine hidden trends in single-molecule enzymology.  
  Projects:  
  - Automating data analysis of smFRET traces in [DeepFRET](publication/deep-fret/).
  - Simulation of [CYPOR](publication/por) conformational dynamics.
  - Analyses of multiplexed liposome assays.
  """


[[experience]]
  title = "Student Assistant"
  company = "MAN Energy Solutions"
  company_url = "https://www.man-es.com/"
  location = "Copenhagen, Denmark"
  date_start = "2019-09-01"
  date_end = "2020-08-31"
  description = """
  Projects:
  - U-NET segmentation of microscopy images to quantify wear of piston ring coatings.
  - Characterizing graphite defects in cast iron by morphology analysis.
  """

[[experience]]
  title = "Seasonal Staff / Dreng"
  company = "Vangshaugen Tourist Cabin"
  company_url = "https://www.kntur.no/vangshaugen/"
  location = "Grødalen, Norway"
  date_start = "2018-07-16"
  date_end = "2018-08-19"
  description = """
  Maintaining and running a Tourist Cabin for the Norwegian Tourist Association.
  Responsibilities:
  - Tenant relations
  - Serving at all meals (>40 people)
  - General maintenance of the property
  """

[[experience]]
  title = "Summer Intern in Procurement, 2 seasons"
  company = "BioMar A/S"
  company_url = "https://www.biomar.com/no/norway/"
  location = "Trondheim, Norway"
  date_start = "2016-07-01"
  date_end = "2017-08-01"
  description = """
  Responsibilities:
  - Updating SharePoint, Excel, and M3 databases with biochemical analysis results for shipments
  - Maintaining Excel spreadsheets and assisting in preparing Q3 reports
  - Taking minutes at multilingual phone meetings in the Back Office department
  """


+++

Commit message:

Update with jr ML engineer position

content/home/experience.md, after:

+++
# Experience widget.
widget = "experience"  # See https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/page-builder/
headless = true  # This file represents a page section.
active = true  # Activate this widget? true/false
weight = 20  # Order that this section will appear.

title = "Work Experience"
subtitle = ""

# Date format for experience
#   Refer to https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/customization/#date-format
date_format = "Jan 2006"

# Experiences.
#   Add/remove as many `[[experience]]` blocks below as you like.
#   Required fields are `title`, `company`, and `date_start`.
#   Leave `date_end` empty if it's your current employer.
#   Begin/end multi-line descriptions with 3 quotes `"""`.


 [[experience]]
   title = "Junior Machine Learning Engineer"
   company = "Corti"
   company_url = "https://corti.ai/"
   location = "Copenhagen, Denmark"
   date_start = "2021-03-01"
   date_end = ""
   description = """
   Corti builds intelligent machines for augmented medicine.
   Our AI supports medical personnel on making decisions in real time during medical emergencies, combining bleeding-edge machine learning research and real-world data from emergency calls.
   I worked on the following types of projects:
   - Main architect of a full-stack end2end testing framework for Microsoft Azure cloud deployments.
   - Create and maintain end2end CI/CD Microsoft Azure pipeline for scalable Dockerized using Google developed gRPC-based microservices with Tensorflow models built-in. 
   
   """
  
 [[experience]]
   title = "Intern Machine Learning Engineer"
   company = "Corti"
   company_url = "https://corti.ai/"
   location = "Copenhagen, Denmark"
   date_start = "2020-08-10"
   date_end = "2021-03-01"
   description = """
   Corti builds intelligent machines for augmented medicine.
   Our AI supports medical personnel on making decisions in real time during medical emergencies, combining bleeding-edge machine learning research and real-world data from emergency calls.
   I worked on the following types of projects:
   - Building and testing REST-APIs for SQL and NoSQL (Mongo, ElasticSearch) databases in Azure Functions.
   - Constructing and deploying Data Pipelines with Azure Data Factory
   - Automating cloud deployments of Dockerized machine-learning based microservices.
   - Develop and deploy machine-learning models for real-time NLP tasks using TensorFlow.
   - Improved data upload pipeline to pSQL databases by 98% from ~3 days to 15 minutes.
   - Migrate Jenkins-based CI/CD hosted in Amazon AWS to Microsoft Azure Pipelines
   """



[[experience]]
  title = "3+5 Ph.D. Student"
  company = "The Hatzakis Lab, University of Copenhagen"
  company_url = "http://hatzakislab.com/"
  location = "Copenhagen, Denmark"
  date_start = "2019-02-01"
  date_end = ""
  description = """
  I use a variety of statistical models (ConvNets, LSTMs, Hidden Markov Models) on diverse biological datasets to streamline current data processing pipelines and determine hidden trends in single-molecule enzymology.  
  Projects:  
  - Automating data analysis of smFRET traces in [DeepFRET](publication/deep-fret/).
  - Simulation of [CYPOR](publication/por) conformational dynamics.
  - Analyses of multiplexed liposome assays.
  """


[[experience]]
  title = "Student Assistant"
  company = "MAN Energy Solutions"
  company_url = "https://www.man-es.com/"
  location = "Copenhagen, Denmark"
  date_start = "2019-09-01"
  date_end = "2020-08-31"
  description = """
  Projects:
  - U-NET segmentation of microscopy images to quantify wear of piston ring coatings.
  - Characterizing graphite defects in cast iron by morphology analysis.
  """

[[experience]]
  title = "Seasonal Staff / Dreng"
  company = "Vangshaugen Tourist Cabin"
  company_url = "https://www.kntur.no/vangshaugen/"
  location = "Grødalen, Norway"
  date_start = "2018-07-16"
  date_end = "2018-08-19"
  description = """
  Maintaining and running a Tourist Cabin for the Norwegian Tourist Association.
  Responsibilities:
  - Tenant relations
  - Serving at all meals (>40 people)
  - General maintenance of the property
  """

[[experience]]
  title = "Summer Intern in Procurement, 2 seasons"
  company = "BioMar A/S"
  company_url = "https://www.biomar.com/no/norway/"
  location = "Trondheim, Norway"
  date_start = "2016-07-01"
  date_end = "2017-08-01"
  description = """
  Responsibilities:
  - Updating SharePoint, Excel, and M3 databases with biochemical analysis results for shipments
  - Maintaining Excel spreadsheets and assisting in preparing Q3 reports
  - Taking minutes at multilingual phone meetings in the Back Office department
  """


+++
